Adding module client queueing spike results (#1486)
Azure/iotedge-lorawan-starterkit: docs/spikes/moduleclient_upstream_messages.md

# ModuleClient for upstream telemetry as an alternative to DeviceClient

## Challenge

In LoRaWAN Starter Kit, each sensor has its own identity in IoT Hub device registry. This allows kit users to use such identities for both sending telemetry messages and storing a state in device twin for LoRa specific properties (i.e.: session keys, frame counter, dwell time settings et cetera).

During load tests it was noticed that, if a device is in reach of multiple LoRaWAN Network Servers, the related edgeHub modules are fighting each other for acquiring and keeping the connection open for all the operations mentioned above.

When trying to handle approximately more than one hundred of leaf devices like this, a slow-down of the solution was noticed, in addition with some dropped upstream messages.

We think it is very critical to not drop any upstream message, therefore we should try to find some alternatives.

## Approach

> The approach being considered in this document is still making use of DeviceClient for twin operations and C2D messages only, while routing telemtry data through the LoRaWAN Network Server ModuleClient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The approach being considered in this document is still making use of `Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Client.DeviceClient` for twin operations and C2D messages only, while routing telemetry data through the LoRaWAN Network Server `Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Client.ModuleClient`.
```

This idea is trying to reduce dramatically the amount of links needed for sending telemetry upstream, by enqueueing telemetry messages on the LNS IoT Edge module outputs.

## Load test result

After modifying the 2.0.0 code base with the required changes, the test bench was setup with 1500 leaf devices, running in 2 factories, with 1 LNS per factory and 2 concentrators per LNS. IoT Hub was sized to 1x S3 unit, in order to not be throttled on twin operations.

> While executing the `Connected_Factory_Load_Test_Scenario`, we were able to observe that no upstream message was dropped. Nevertheless, the "connection ping-pong" caused other issues like delays in twin updates, causing some delays/retries for OTAA join requests, and inability of sending acknowledgment on time for the expected receive windows (20% of the acknowledgements was dropped).

Reviewer: I would mention the `Connected_Factory_Load_Test_Scenario` before the numbers (2 factories, 1 LNS per factory) to make it easier to follow in what context these number mean what.
